{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Cult of the Squirrel\
	
\b0 Are they the root of these mysterious squirrel statues?  Their symbols are everywhere, but what of they themselves?  Were the wiped out by the destruction, or were they the cause?\
\

\b Cosby the Unforgiving\
	
\b0 His power is so great that it would burst explosively from his eyeballs, lest they be covered by his panes of darkening.  He waits patiently, his long, articulated face seeing all.  It is foretold that when the time has come, he shall raze the Earth with his unforgiving glory.  Has this purging just ended, or has it yet to begin?\
\

\b Oswald the Law Giver\
	
\b0 Oswald seems to be the balance of this religion.  His job is to determine the purity of criminals and sanctity of laws.  One of the "powerful Three", he is a prominent figure head within the FATE societies.  But is he the source of this "hand" symbol, or is he merely a part of it?  Legend foretells of sacred trials in the beginnings of the Earth, where the gods themselves were tried by this Titan.  \
\
While he approves, his chamber remains bathed in his light.  However, when he is presented with those unworthy of him, this light diminishes, and his figure becomes shadowy.  It has been said that in this event, a sudden cold will grasp the soul of the sinner, and rip his spirit toward the sullen pit of the Nether.  Indeed, once light returns to the room, the sinner's bloodied corpse will have neither heart nor spine.\
\
It is said that Oswald himself shall judge the end of humanity.  He will decide which harbinger of the End to release unto the mortals.  However, the least conclusive evidence is known about Oswald the Law Giver, and thus, more expeditions are needed to confirm these myths.}